+-----------+
| TERRARIUM |
+-----------+


INTRODUCTION
---------------------
Terrarium is a program that simulates an ecosystem with two species of animal - predators and prey.


SIMULATION RULES
---------------------
Breeding:
	Animals can breed with others of the same species.
	After a pregnancy period a pregnant animal will give birth to a child of the same species.
	The child will spawn at a random location within a certain radius of the parent at the time of birth.
	During the pregnancy period animals cannot breed.

Eating:
	Predators can eat prey and will die of hunger if they don't eat.
	Prey cannot eat or die of hunger.

Age:
	Both species can die of old age.
	The maximum age an animal can live to is defined at birth, and is random within a certain range.

Position:
	This simulation uses a euclidian coordinate system.
	At the start the initial positions of animals are random within a certain radius of the origin (0, 0).
	Each timestep an animal will move a distance of 1 unit in a random direction.
	Interactions between animals occur when they happen to be near each other.

Time:
	The simulation runs for an integer number of timesteps.
	Within each timestep the animals are only updated once the relevant information for all the animals has been calculated.
	This ensures that the state of the simulation is the same from the perspectives of all the animals while the information needed to transition to the next state is calculated.


SIMULATION PARAMETERS
---------------------
BREEDING_DISTANCE:
	Maximum distance between animals for breeding to be possible.

INITIAL_PREDATORS:
	Initial number of predators.

INITIAL_PREY:
	Initial number of prey.

MAX_DEATHS:
	Maximum deaths that can happen in a timestep.

MAX_DEATH_AGE:
	Upper limit of the range of possible lifespans for an animal.
	
MAX_HUNGER:
	The maximum hunger a predator can experience before it dies.

MAX_POPULATION:
	Maximum total population.
	If this number is exceeded, the simulation will exit.
	Make this big to melt your cpu.

MIN_DEATH_AGE:
	Lower limit of the range of possible lifespans for an animal.

MUNCHING_DISTANCE:
	Maximum distance from which a predator can eat a prey.

PREGNANCY_PERIOD:
	Timesteps from breeding to birth.

SPAWN_RADIUS:
	New animals spawn at a random location within a circle with radius=SPAWN_RADIUS.
	For the first animals at t=0, the center of the circle is (0, 0).
	For subsequent new animals the center of the circle is the position of the parent animal at the time of birth.

TIMESTEPS:
	The maximum number of timesteps that the simulation will run for.
	It will stop early if MAX_DEATHS or MAX_POPULATION are exceeded, or if the population is zero.
